adds a start node doc (#945)
obscuronet/go-obscuro: docs/_docs/testnet/starting-a-node.md

---
---
# Starting a node
How to start a node in the Evan's Cat testnet.

> 

Reviewer: Should you state that this is for a validating node only?

Author: I don't believe so. External users can only run validators.

## Requirements

> - SGX enable VM

Reviewer: Small point but should read "SGX enabled VM"

- Docker

## Steps
#### - Create an SGX enabled VM
Recommended Standard DC4s v2 (4 vcpus, 16 GiB memory) in azure.

> 

Reviewer: Small point azure should read Azure.

#### - Install Docker

```
sudo apt-get update \
    && sudo apt-get install -y jq \
    && curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh && sh ./get-docker.sh
```

#### - Download Obscuro Start script

```
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/v0.7.1/testnet/start-obscuro-node.sh && \
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/v0.7.1/testnet/docker-compose.yml

> ```

Reviewer: Should probably state that the version should be the latest e.g. to navigate to the releases page to get the latest version and then use that. Some people will just copy and paste and end up starting up a v0.7.1 node 6 months from now etc

Author: Good point - Updating it.

---
---
# Starting a node
How to start a node in the Evan's Cat testnet.

## Requirements
- SGX enabled VM
- Docker

## Steps
#### - Create an SGX enabled VM
Recommended Standard DC4s v2 (4 vcpus, 16 GiB memory) in Azure.

#### - Install Docker

```
sudo apt-get update \
    && sudo apt-get install -y jq \
    && curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh && sh ./get-docker.sh
```

#### - Download Obscuro Start script

> Make sure to use the latest version at https://github.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/tags

Author: That's main.. right ? Do we want that ?

I tried to find a nice and easy way to always fetch the latest tag, but didn't find one..

> Make sure to use the latest version at https://github.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/tags

Author: I'm happy to go back and review it to make it more convoluted once we open up to the public. Should I add a TODO ?

> Make sure to use the latest version at https://github.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/tags

Reviewer: Not main - I'm just saying don't put the actual version in the example. So you would say;

Download the obscuro start script using the below commands;

`wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/<version>/testnet/start-obscuro-node.sh && \ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/<version>/testnet/docker-compose.yml
`
where <version> should be replaced with the latest version as obtained from the releases page at https://github.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/releases.

> Make sure to use the latest version at https://github.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/tags

Author: Got it ! Great sugestion !

```
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/v0.7.1/testnet/start-obscuro-node.sh && \
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuronet/go-obscuro/v0.7.1/testnet/docker-compose.yml
```

#### - Start Obscuro Node

To start the obscuro node some information is required to populate the starting script.

> - (p2p_public_address) Local address for the Peer to Peer connections. Must be open to outside connections.

Reviewer: Where does a user get this information from?

Author: How does this sound ?

```suggestion
- (p2p_public_address) The external facing address of the network. Where outside peers will connect to. Must be open to outside connections.
```

Reviewer: But what is that i.e. where do I find the actual value for testnet or dev-testnet. In your example on the epic you had --p2p_public_address="51.142.241.27:10000" ... did you go into azure to get that?

- (pkstring) Private Key to issue transactions into the Layer 1

> - (host_id) Public Key derived from the Private Key

Reviewer: Given the host_id is derived from the private key, why does the user have to provide as it can be done programatically?

Author: Because the enclave requires it to ensure the host is properly connected and attested. And starting the enclave is a separate process from starting the host.

Maybe the enclave can receive the L1 private key and deduce the same HostID ? I didn't give it much importance tbh.

Reviewer: Fair enough
